docs: emphasize bad and good usage of the script option (#97)
neo4j/docs-spark: modules/ROOT/pages/read/query.adoc

> |1|foo
> |2|foo
> |===
> 
> The `script` option is not meant to inject a massive volume of data.
> Doing so would result in very inefficient queries.
> 
> .DON'T DO THIS - sending too large values to Neo4j
> [source, scala]
> ----
> // imagine a high number of (:Filter) nodes
> val script = "MATCH (f:Filter) RETURN collect(f.id) AS ids"
> // sending a large list of values to the server would add a lot of memory pressure
> val query = """
>   MATCH (n:Comment)
>   WHERE n.filterId IN scriptResult[0].ids
>   RETURN n.id AS id
> """
> spark.read.format("org.neo4j.spark.DataSource")
>   .option("script", script)
>   .option("query", query)
>   .load()
>   .show()
> ----
> 
> In high volume scenarios, it is recommended to create a specific dataframe with the "script" data and join it with another dataframe performing the actual reads against Neo4j.
> Spark supports multiple pushdown optimizations, including filter push-down, which means the resulting main read query will actually be efficient.
> 
> .DO THIS - rely on Spark pushdown optimizations
> [source, scala]
> ----
> import org.apache.spark.sql.functions.col
> 
> val filterDf = spark.read.format("org.neo4j.spark.DataSource")
>   .option("labels", "Filter")
>   .load()
> 
> val commentDf = spark.read.format("org.neo4j.spark.DataSource")
>   .option("labels", "Comment")
>   .load()
> 
> // Pushdown optimizations filter data at the source (Neo4j) to minimize data transfer
> val resultDf = commentDf.join(filterDf, col("filterId") === filterDf("id"))
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Performance considerations

The `script` option is not meant to inject a massive volume of data.
Doing so would result in inefficient queries.

The recommended process is to create a dedicated dataframe containing the new data, then join it with another dataframe performing the actual reads against Neo4j.
Spark supports multiple pushdown optimizations including filter pushdown, which means the resulting read query will be efficient.

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-Wrong-usage]
=====
[source, scala]
----
// Suppose there are many nodes that match,
// resulting in a large list of values
val script = "MATCH (f:Filter) RETURN collect(f.id) AS ids"

// Sending a large list to the server would add a lot of memory pressure
val query = """
  MATCH (n:Comment)
  WHERE n.filterId IN scriptResult[0].ids
  RETURN n.id AS id
"""
spark.read.format("org.neo4j.spark.DataSource")
  .option("script", script)
  .option("query", query)
  .load()
  .show()
----
=====

[.include-with-Correct-usage]
=====
[source, scala]
----
import org.apache.spark.sql.functions.col

val filterDf = spark.read.format("org.neo4j.spark.DataSource")
  .option("labels", "Filter")
  .load()

val commentDf = spark.read.format("org.neo4j.spark.DataSource")
  .option("labels", "Comment")
  .load()

// Pushdown optimizations filter data at the source (Neo4j) to minimize data transfer
val resultDf = commentDf.join(filterDf, col("filterId") === filterDf("id"))
----
=====
====
```

How about this? (Slightly reworded, but mostly introducing a tabbed example instead)

|1|foo
|2|foo

> |===
> 
> === Performance considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[[performance]]
=== Performance considerations
```

Adding this so we can reference the section from a different place, for instance an admonition.
